README.md, before:

# dotfiles (Ubuntu/Debian)
Sets up my Ubuntu/Debian environment for development.
> **Tested on**:
> - Ubuntu 20.04 (WSL)
> - Ubuntu 22.04 (WSL)
> - Debian 11 (WSL)


## Note:
During the following steps, you will be asked to enter your sudo password.

You will be asked to press enter to continue.

Please read the command line if it appears to have stopped; it may be waiting for input or an intentional delay.

## Prerequisites:
1. Install git
   ```sh
   sudo apt-get update && sudo apt install -y git
   ```
   > **Note**:
   > - The sudo password will be requested at this point.

## How to use:
1. Clone this repository to your user profile in the `~/.dotfiles` folder
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/cathalnoonan/dotfiles_ubuntu.git ~/.dotfiles
   ```

2. Run the following commands to add the dotfiles repo to `~/.bashrc` \
   **This allows the environment setup to persist between logouts/reboots**
   ```sh
   bashrc=~/.bashrc
   echo "" >> $bashrc
   echo "# dotfiles" >> $bashrc
   echo "if [ -f ~/.dotfiles/_env.sh ]; then" >> $bashrc
   echo "  source ~/.dotfiles/_env.sh" >> $bashrc
   echo "fi" >> $bashrc
   echo "" >> $bashrc
   ```

3. Load the setup file from `~/.dotfiles`
   ```sh
   source ~/.dotfiles/_env.sh
   ```

4. Run initial setup
   ```sh
   dotfiles_install
   ```
   > **Note**:
   > - Setup will take a few minutes.
   > - The sudo password may be requested during this process.
   > - You will need to enter `Y` / `ENTER` during the process.
   > - Docker setup will introduce one or two 20 second delays while running this command.

5. Reload config
   ```sh
   dotfiles_load
   ```

Commit message:

Add quick-setup section, rename repo

README.md, after:

# dotfiles (Ubuntu/Debian)
Sets up my Ubuntu/Debian environment for development.
> **Tested on**:
> - Ubuntu 20.04 (WSL)
> - Ubuntu 22.04 (WSL)
> - Debian 11 (WSL)


## Note:
During the following steps, you will be asked to enter your sudo password.

You will be asked to press enter to continue.

Please read the command line if it appears to have stopped; it may be waiting for input or an intentional delay.

## Quick setup:
1. Run the following command in bash
   ```sh
   /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cathalnoonan/dotfiles_ubuntu-and-debian/HEAD/setup.sh)"
   ```
   > **Note**:
   > - Setup will take a few minutes.
   > - The sudo password will be requested during this process.
   > - You will need to type `Y` and/or press `ENTER` during the process.
   > - Docker setup might introduce one or two 20 second delays while running this command.
2. Run the following command to reload the settings
   ```sh
   source ~/.dotfiles/_env.sh
   ```

---

## Manual install:
### Prerequisites:
1. Install git
   ```sh
   sudo apt-get update && sudo apt install -y git
   ```
   > **Note**:
   > - The sudo password will be requested at this point.

### Installation:
1. Clone this repository to your user profile in the `~/.dotfiles` folder
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/cathalnoonan/dotfiles_ubuntu-and-debian.git ~/.dotfiles
   ```

2. Run the following commands to add the dotfiles repo to `~/.bashrc` \
   **This allows the environment setup to persist between logouts/reboots**
   ```sh
   bashrc=~/.bashrc
   echo "" >> $bashrc
   echo "# dotfiles" >> $bashrc
   echo "if [ -f ~/.dotfiles/_env.sh ]; then" >> $bashrc
   echo "  source ~/.dotfiles/_env.sh" >> $bashrc
   echo "fi" >> $bashrc
   echo "" >> $bashrc
   ```

3. Load the setup file from `~/.dotfiles`
   ```sh
   source ~/.dotfiles/_env.sh
   ```

4. Run initial setup
   ```sh
   dotfiles_install
   ```
   > **Note**:
   > - Setup will take a few minutes.
   > - The sudo password may be requested during this process.
   > - You will need to type `Y` and/or press `ENTER` during the process.
   > - Docker setup might introduce one or two 20 second delays while running this command.

5. Reload config
   ```sh
   dotfiles_load
   ```
